Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Dr. Guan received his Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering from Yale University in 2013 and did his postdoctoral training in Biomedical Engineering at Johns Hopkins University from 2013 to 2014. Dr. Guan’s research interests are in the multidisciplinary areas of micro- and nanotechnology, micro/nanofluidics, bioMEMS, lab-on-a-chip devices, and point-of-care devices. His research group focuses on developing micro and nanoscale devices as well as novel sensing principles for advanced medical diagnostics and testing. Through his work, Dr. Guan is contributing to the development of cutting-edge biomedical technologies that have the potential to revolutionize the way diseases are diagnosed and treated. In addition to his research activities, Dr. Guan is a Senior Member of IEEE, Member of BMES, and Member of the Biophysical Society. He has also served as the Associate Editor for Nanotechnology and Precision Engineering since 2019 and on the Editorial Board of Diagnostics since 2017. Dr. Guan is a frequent reviewer for more than 30 journals and Federal Funding Agencies such as NSF and NIH. Dr. Guan’s contributions to the field have been recognized with several awards and honors. He is a recipient of the HHMI International Research Fellowship and NSF CAREER award, among others.


Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.
